so interaction design is like it's kind
of a combination of adlai design
philosophy that that's centered on
research and understanding people's
needs and how we're going to deliver
them to them the challenged always
received in this class is to redesign
the user experience for Adobe Creative
Cloud not freak out yeah you know we're
doing design research and we're thinking
about how people interact in experience
products you gotta sign some personas
and creative design software or flows
for software for a specific need for
collaboration online and they're just
card make it easier for people to use I
guess a bit more fun as well into
collaboration with largest challenge and
then the secondary challenge was trying
to fit these design ideas within the
context of adobe creative cloud
good i'm not sure if I'm taking this in
a rage election that moment it's it's a
month long project so yeah there's a lot
of work
my name is michael gough and I'm the
vice president of experience design and
Adobe I essentially run the group that
is responsible for the design of all
applications class is focused on
something that's near and dear to my
heart which is a confluence of the work
we're doing a Creative Cloud there is an
opportunity to create a much more
collaborative environment for students
especially creative scenes luckily one
of the one of the most prolific and I
think really valuable writers in the
area's been in whoo EE and we actually
got him to come into the class I'm cute
I'm really i managed a service and
software design firm here in San
Francisco so it's a really good
assignment but it's a very complicated
problem which is one of the reasons it
hasn't been well salt already the main
thrust of the presentation was around
telling a story about how the persona
that the student had been assigned it
interact with it to software and that
was represented to an animated keynote
presentation I think now we're at a
place where again because of the
information explosion of information
applications and access and flow people
designing interactive systems have an
opportunity to not only develop
interesting games interesting tools but
potentially start impacting larger
social problems